Release notes
-------------
v1.22/v1.12 (111)
Fix problems with rotation not working on iOS6 (HD only at 
present).  Ignore NetStreams when it sends a current source as a
perm id (behaviour change in StreamNet firmware 02.90.11).

v1.21/v1.11 (110)
Set NOSIGPIPE on all socket connections to prevent the app from
crashing if the far end terminates the connection unexpectedly.

v1.20/v1.10 (109)
Fixed problem with presets not appearing on IR-only tuners that
are defined on an MLA4000.

v1.19/v1.9 (108)
Stopped possibility of having multiple skin threads.  Pop up
warning when skin configuration changes.

v1.18/v1.9 (107)
Added ability to log from skin scripts.  Fixed various changes from
v1.17 that stopped iLinX HD from building.  Fixed add tuner preset
not showing any presets in the list.  Added hack to get round old
Naimnet.lua driver not sending the correct URL for new NSxx v1.7a
thumbnails.  Restore room selection list popping up on start-up if
current room unavailable and skin not enabled.

v1.17/v1.8 (106)
Fixed not being able to use CHANGE_SCREEN home from pop-up.  Added
timestamp check on downloaded skin so that the skin is only updated
if the date has changed.

v1.17/v1.8 (105)
Added "passive" registration for renderers to allow skin to receive
renderer data without sending REGISTER to each of them (which
overloaded the SpeakerLinX and caused it to crash).

v1.17/v1.8 (104)
First beta release of iLinX with Harewood modifications for skin
support.

v1.16/v1.8 (103)
Removed iOS4-specific call that was causing iLinX to crash on
iOS3.x.

v1.15/v1.7 (102)
Fixed handling of zTuner.

v1.15/v1.7 (101)
Respect the ordering of rooms in a static room menu.  Added VTuner
support. Improved discovery to find a usable renderer, not just the
first that responds.  Improve reporting of connection problems.
Discovery debug logging left in release version.  Added a Stay
Connected option and persistent wi-fi attribute to reduce number
of disconnects.  Improve detection of sorted/unsorted lists when
browsing media.  Close the Settings view when refresh is selected.
Improve handling of messages to slow devices.  Improve layout of
browse lists with images.  Modify ARQ work-around so that when
Dealer Setup incorrectly identifies Naim servers as ARQ we don't
hang.  Fix crash on unlicensed timers service.  Fix problem caused
by iOS 5 fixing the bug that stopped viewWillAppear etc. being
called for some sub-views.  Fix problem of room renderer being
accessed after it has been released.  Fix some memory leaks.

v1.14/v1.6 (100)
Fix problem with NNP always being reset to first available input.
Prevent iLinX crashing on some occasions on a system with an
unlicensed Timers service.

v1.13/v1.5 (99)
Remove extraneous # from NNP input select command.  Fix iLinX HD
timers display so that time value for single events is not
affected by daylight saving time.

v1.13/v1.5 (98)
iLinX
Make Now Playing button on media server browse list only visible
if the media server is actually in a state to play something.

iLinX HD
Fixed: 
  Incorrect number of buttons on the local source view.
  Aprilaire HVAC controls.
  Volume slider for Timers sleep alarms.
  Problem with some items in the browse by album art listing
    sometimes being blank.
  Play All and Shuffle sometimes appearing briefly at the bottom
    of the browse lists.
  Preset lists on Tuner sometimes being blank or incomplete.

Both
Add support for buttons on the HVAC screen that are operation only
i.e. no feedback light.  Handle popup messages from DigiLinX. Fix
international HVAC picking up the wrong status text when fan icon
not showing.  Ensure HVAC buttons are shown even if status values
have not yet been sent for them.  Fix problem with Timers list
requests being off by one, limiting the number of timers to 16.
Updates to comms code to ensure that link to DigiLinX is dropped
cleanly when the app goes to sleep.  Fix crash caused by OS timers
becoming invalid due to the OS now handling them differently. Move
GUI data fetching to a background task to avoid holding up app
and view initialisation, which causes the OS to time the app out
and kill it.  Improve iTunes handling, making it faster and
reducing the number of reconnects required.  Auto-select first
available input on an NNP amplifier if it has powered up with an
invalid (disabled) input selected.

v1.12/v1.4 (97)
Fixed "feature" of album art view that lead to extra rows of
blank albums when there were too few rows to fill the screen.
Changed the behaviour of the alternative views button so that
any view can now be selected and the current setting is retained
but if the view type isn't valid for the current data, the icon
is greyed and the list downgrades itself to the next lowest
available list type.

v1.12/v1.4 (96)
Added an alternative discovery mechanism based on broadcast pings
to get round the latest version of iOS4.3 using IGMP v3, which is
not understood by NetStreams switches.  Removed a possible
inifinite recursion from NLServiceTimers.

v1.11/v1.3 (95)
Fixed malfunctioning buttons on iLinX security view and added a
confirmation dialog when the emergency buttons are pressed.
Increased the timeout for fetching GUI definition file to cope with
a slow response when accessing systems remotely.  Faster recovery
after wake up from sleep.  Fixed bug where on change of profile a 
connection was still retained to the previous system.  Removed some
memory leaks.

v1.10/v1.2 (94)
Revised Sensible Heat HVAC to improve response time.  Fixed iLinX HD
problem with presets where a race condition could cause a hang.
Improved iTunes handling.  Fixed crash on iLinX OS3.x on entry to
the Settings/Profiles view.

v1.9/v1.1 (93)
Fixed a couple of crashes (or at least worked around them).

v1.9/v1.1 (92)
Discovery fixed.  Added refresh buttons for iLinX HD.  Default to
showing Settings button rather than hiding it.  Compare just the
first letters of titles in browse lists to check whether they are
alphabetically sorted (as that's all that matters really).  Fixed
incorrect NIBs for satellite tuner and IR only device screens on
iLinX HD.  Added support for the new IPD100 iDock.  Fixed missing
presets on media servers for iLinX HD.  Fixed hidden police button
on iLinX.  Fixed crash in iLinX HD on changing rooms or profiles.
Get audio controls reflecting feedback/no feedback immediately.
Change to remove retaining unnecessary registrations for source and
renderer information.  Add short explanation of how to change
configuration in the Settings view.

v1.8 (91) iLinX Beta Debug only
Added extra logging in the discovery routines to try to pin down why
discovery is not working.

v1.8/v1.0 (90)
Fix configuration SettingsAndValue cell to impose a minimum size for
the value width so that they don't turn into zero width fields!
Changed discovery to be exactly as Dealer Setup, i.e. wait 3 seconds
after joining multicast group, send both broadcast first and then
multicast messages and repeat 3 times at intervals of 10 seconds.

v1.8/v1.0 (89)
Add a delay before sending discovery broadcast to see if that affects
the operation of discovery.  Fix resolved URLs in configuration
profiles so that they are reset if the underlying URLs are changed.

v1.8/v1.0 (88)
Another debug build with Nick Whittome's new device ids.

v1.8/v1.0 (87)
Fixed crash caused by receiving a DigiLinX message with unexpected
content.  Ensure multicast address and port are initialised correctly
when creating a new profile from old configuration data.  Fix incorrect
margins in configuration table views (plus stop them being rotatable on
iPhone).  Debug version with logging to try to pin down why discovery
is not always working successfully.

v1.8/v1.0 (86)
Fixed a problem with iTunes library pairing failing due to iLinX
closing the pairing request connection too quickly.

v1.7/v1.0 (85)
Revised branding to link but differentiate iLinX and iLinX HD.
Decided to keep iLinX and iLinX HD version numbers separate (with
the build number giving us the link between the two).  So, as
skins has been disabled in iLinX for now, we are going with version
1.7 for iLinX and 1.0 for iLinX HD.

v2.0 (84)
Made disabled buttons on No Source page lighter to make them more
obviously disabled.  Remove unnecessary debug output.  Fix iTunes
request object to avoid a possible problem of it being used after
deallocation.  Added extra refresh calls to tuner presets list after
add preset and remove all presets to ensure that the list is updated
correctly.  Changed iTunes session object to make the request base
address use an IPv4 address to work round problem of IPv6 
misconfiguration causing cover art not to be found.

v2.0 (83)
Fixed problem of button page being too big on initial load.  Add in
missing highlighted 8 image.  Tidied up security interface and got
security working.  Fixed behaviour of dynamic buttons for favourites,
generic, security and HVAC.  Made lighting buttons default to always
showing a state indicator.  Added new macro running image.  Fix crash
on favourites and generic pages caused by odd/low number of buttons
per page.  Fix camera presets not being changed on camera change.
Got source button and source view titles showing the title of the
current source.  Fix highlighted images for local source buttons plus
offset the text to account for on/off light on all buttons with
indicators.  Changed no source view to use buttons rather than a list.
Other internal code tidying and debug output.

v2.0 (82)
Fixed a couple of graphical anomalies in the iPad media server
views.  Fixed crash on pre-iOS4 devices caused by registration for
iOS4 notifications.

v2.0 (81)
Full Beta iPad version.  Almost final graphics (just missing the
macro execution popup).

Fixed XM tuner root menu to reduce number of options.  Fixed a
couple of null pointer problems introduced by iOS4.  Worked round
bar button tinting problem introduced by iOS4.  Reworked code to
eliminate analyser "errors".  Fixed various problems in iTunes
support that could cause hangs or crashes on occasion.  Added
handling for changes in some iTunes types (Audiobooks, Rentals
etc.) in latest version of iTunes.  Added clean tidy up and
restart of networking activity on background/foreground transition
in iOS4.  Added handling of settings that are changed while the
application is in the background.  New start-up graphic for the
iPod version, plus remove the gradual fade of the start-up graphic
as no longer appropriate.  SL251 renderer now supported.

v2.0 (80)
Limited Beta iPad version.  Some more services implemented.

v2.0 (79)
Limited Beta iPad version.

Moved settings mostly within the application and added the possibility
for multiple profiles.

Fixed problem with buttons on Nav bar not being allowed to be
defined in NIB files.  Artwork URL now allows a relative URL to be
specified, which will attempt to find the artwork on the device itself.

v1.6 (78)
Added TLA250 to the list of supported amplifier types.

v1.6 (77)
Problem with A/V Off not switching off all devices fixed.  Updated
to handle new ZTuner type as added in Dealer Setup 2.50.

v1.5 (76)
Problem with playing iTunes playlists fixed.  "Now Playing" button
on browse screen only shown if there is an active play queue.  If on
the now playing screen and the play queue becomes inactive,
transitions back to browse screen.  "n of m" and "Next track" fields
are now hidden if they have no information to display.  Fixed
various problems with request objects for the iTunes server being
freed before they should. Fixed problem with it being impossible to
set the timer type to Alarm.  Fixed problem of the day being set
wrong for timer alarms when the local timezone is not GMT.

v1.5 (75)
Fix problem of settings view sometimes having overwritten 
sections.  Don't display the MultiRoom controls if MultiRoom has
been disabled in Dealer Setup.

v1.5 (74)
More icons for Apple-specific root menu items.  Small attempt to
make cover art loading quicker.

vl.5 (73)
Retry getting thumbnail art if the server response is 204 "No
Content".  This is because the server loses thumbnail art after a
reboot and then responds to the next request with "No Content"
while preparing the thumbnail in the background.  A subsequent
request may then succeed.

v1.5 (72)
Request thumbnail cover art at the same size as Apple Remote in
order to try to fix problem of server returning "No Content" for
thumbnails straight after reboot.

v1.5 (71)
Use own cache rather than system cache for thumbnails in the media
server browse menu as, for some reason, the system cache doesn't
work on some systems.

v1.5 (70)
Protective code added to prevent crashes caused by delayed socket
callbacks trying to use now deleted objects.  iTunes pairing revised
to ensure unique pairing ids and to only advertise the pairing
service when there is a library pairing needed.  Now detects when
the library has deleted its pairing and notifies the user to pair
again.

v1.5 (69)
Media player metadata view now updates correctly when track changes.
Message shown while loading the iTunes root menu (so it isn't blank).
"browseMenu" setting in gui.xml ignored for iTunes (it always has a
browse menu).  Unneeded call to iTunes library on initial connection
removed.

v1.5 (68)
Genre display problem fixed.  Browse with cover art now working more
smoothly.  Debouncing of track positioning added to avoid excessive
sending of positioning requests.  Placeholder thumbnail added for
items with no cover art.  Cleaned up the repeat icon.

v1.5 (67)
Repeat and track positioning now available for iTunes libraries. Added
cover art and secondary text for some iTunes browse menu items. iTunes
licensing now implemented.  Attempted to fix the problem of genre
sometimes not being displayed.  More helpful text messages now shown
while trying to connect.  Fixed problem where the item type name was
wrong on some lists for the "no entry" view (e.g. saying "No songs" on
the movies page).

v1.5 (66)
Pairing name is now iLinX: <device name> both before and after pairing.
Unavailable user interface features (track number, next track) are now
hidden for iTunes servers.  All standard root menu entries are now
shown (e.g. Audiobooks, Movies etc.) even if the server does not return
them in its initial listing.  Browsing and playing of movies, music
videos and TV shows should now work.  iPort device now detected and
a much longer retry timeout used in order to avoid overload.

v1.5 (65)
On pairing, iLinX now appears to iTunes as iLinX: <device name>.  Fixed
problem with first item in a list misbehaving when selected (shuffle or
play track).  Fixed problem that caused iLinX, when Favorites is defined
as the home screen, to go to the root menu rather than the Favorites
screen in some circumstances.

v1.5 (64)
Fixed bug that caused both iLinX and iTunes to crash when pairing.

v1.5 (63)
Fixed iLinX always appearing as "Administrator's iPod" in Apple TV
Remote list.

v1.5 (62)
Fixed album tracks appearing in alphabetical order in some circumstances.
Better checking of session status to avoid trying to contact the iTunes 
server when not yet connected.  Correct handling of Genius mixes.  Items
with no children now appear in the menu (to be consistent with Apple
Remote).  Message shown on browse initialisation to show that it is
waiting for connection.  If this message persists, check that the server
is running and that you have paired iLinX on that device with it as a
remote.

v1.5 (61)
Reasonable implementation of iTunes support.  All known special lists have
been implemented though TV Shows, Movies and Music Videos have not been
tested.  Pointless options on single entry menus have now been removed.
Support for gzip encoding of results data added, which speeds up fetching
of lists.  Still doesn't do the following features of iPhone Remote:
 - any playlist editing
 - any data other than title
 - any special commands for special things (e.g. Genius, iTunes DJ)
 - jumping down a further level of hierarchy when a list has only one item
Also TBD: Remove unused items from Now Playing screen (next track and
n of m count) and add in iTunes specific controls (setting play position
and repeat status).

v1.5 (60)
Much of iTunes browsing implemented.  Known problems: Most special lists
(e.g. Podcasts, Music Videos etc.) are still to do; "Shuffle" option 
shouldn't be shown on a playlists with only one item (as it doesn't work);
probably some optimisation needed (e.g. on fetching list of all songs).

v1.5 (59)
Hard code all possible source screen types to cope with case where iTunes
attached to a MediaLinX has a type in the project file that is otherwise
unused (and thus cannot be identified as a source screen type).  Some more
iTunes browsing, but still not complete.

v1.5 (58)
Fixed problem with connection to iTunes being deleted before it was finished
with.  A bit more (but not much) of an implementation of iTunes browsing.

v1.5 (57)
Fixed bug where prefix not removed on location button.  Revised iTunes control
with multiple connections to (we hope) remove current problems of losing
contact and upsetting the Apple TV state.  Stub implementation of iTunes
browse view.

v1.5 (56)
Added special handling of __X__ prefixes and suffixes on NetStreams names so
that the prefix and suffix is removed for display purposes.

v1.5 (55)
Intermediate demo release of integrated iTunes/Apple TV control.  Now playing
screen only at present; no browsing and no iTunes-specific stuff (e.g.
repeat).

v1.4 (54)
Cancel MENU_LIST {{sources}} that was left running after leaving the "No
Source" view.  Fix problem of MENU_LIST {{media}} (and other sub-menus)
continuing to be requested after media server browse view exited.  Set retry
of STATUS on unresponsive lighting sub-services to 30 seconds (from 5) to try
to avoid overloading systems with very large numbers of lighting controls.
Added belt-and-braces code that appears to have cured a mysterious screen
freeze that was occurring when sources were selected.  Fix problem of
favorites screen being incorrectly selected when some rooms have favorites as
the home screen and others do not.  Fix problem with cool set point not being
adjustable in Aprilaire cool mode.

v1.3 (53)
Restore original camera image fetch timeout for App Store release.

v1.3 (52)
Reduce all camera command timeouts to 0.2 seconds, for further tests with the
camera lockup problem.

v1.3 (51)
Add "random" parameter to webcam commands and reduce the timeout on commands
for which we have no interest in the response to see if this solves a problem
with Cameras locking up for about 15 seconds if a command (pan, tilt etc.) is
used.

v1.3 (50)
Available sources now shown as a list within the "No Source" view so that the
user isn't required to press the Source button to select a new source.
CHANGE_SCREEN macro to "home" now works correctly and CHANGE_SCREEN macros to
other currently unsupported screens (Location, selectSource, multi-room) are
now ignored rather than switching to the "unsupported service" view.  Fixed
incorrect format string that might cause a crash in the case of being unable
to connect to a SpeakerLinX.

v1.3 (49)
Removed automatic pop-up of "Select Source" menu when No Source screen shown.
This is because, due to delays in reporting the selection of a source, the
No Source screen was being shown momentarily before the correct screen was
switched to, but by that time the select source popup had appeared.
Fixed problem where title bar disappeared on occasion when switching sources
(particularly after a source selection via a favorite).  Added "Running
Macro..." alert that is shown when the macro contains a delay (or delays)
before the instruction to change user interface screen.	 Fixed bug in
Secant security that might cause a crash if the user changes to the bypass
zones page before the driver sends its first status report.  Changed all
security screens to show feedback text from the security systems.  Note
that this means that the password entry is no longer cloaked.  Fixed
media server browse lists so that the section titles don't disappear on
occasion.  Fixed problem where DVR channel presets were not being listed.
Fixed bug where last room used was not necessarily correctly recorded on
exiting the application.  Added a network activity indicator while waiting
for the timers list to be filled for the first time.

v1.2 (48)
Ignore disabled menus within Sources, Zones and Locations screens (as opposed
to treating them as zero length menus).  Look for the actual iLinX timer
service name when identifying timer macros rather than the fixed string
"iLinX Timers".  Fix missing title icon on metadata flip screen for media
server.  Cope with trailing space between /> and }} in status reports.

V1.2 (47)
Fix crash when iLinX Timers service does not send a licence string.

V1.2 (46)
Timers licensing added.  Recognition of the iLinX Timers service name is now
case and space insensitive.  Timers edit mode automatically ends if the last
timer is deleted.  Add timer button is not made visible until the timers
service has been contacted and verified as being licensed.  Record kept of
earliest version of iLinX installed (from 1.1 onwards) for possible future
use (e.g. to get round problems of charging people again if we ever change
to version 2.x).

V1.2 (45)
Timers re-enabled for beta release (no licensing as yet).

V1.1 (44)
Fix crash that happens when nothing is discovered on first startup and then
user selects Home.  Fix other problem with question marks in More browse list!
Disable timers support for App Store release pending sorting out licensing.

V1.1 (43)
Change to internal product id format: please delete all previous copies of
iLinX Demo and iLinX Beta before installing this release!  Timer items no
longer flash blue when tapped in normal (i.e. not edit) mode.  Temporary
question mark icons appearing in More browse list fixed.  Volume control not
appearing on OS3.0 fixed.  Network activity indicator not stopping on exit
from browse list fixed.  Problem with A-Z bar on browse list being incorrectly
abbreviated on OS3.0 worked around (by removing X).

V1.1 (42)
No change to functionality.  Build to add extra beta test device id.

V1.1 (41)
No change to functionality.  Build to add extra beta test device ids.

V1.1 (40)
Fix crash on editing a timer with a macro that has an associated room.

V1.1 (39)
Ensure any changes to user preferences are saved before quitting.  Add
ability to use macros with NS_CUR_ROOM in timers.  Change create timer
message to use {{ }} as {{}} didn't work either!  Don't allow a timer to be
saved until all fields are initialised.  Make timers default to enabled.
Change so that timers can only be edited in edit mode.  Fix problem with date
being shown wrongly when in a negative time zone and not at all when 12 hour
time mode chosen.  Make pop-up selection lists (location, source, camera,
zone) dismiss automatically as soon as a choice is made rather than having to
press the Done button.  Explanatory warning message now shown if iLinX fails
to discover any devices.

V1.1 (38)
Create timer message now sends empty timer id as {{}} to get round parsing
problem in the service.

V1.1 (37)
Fix problem where "no feedback" status of an amplifier in one room could be
incorrectly picked up by an amplifier in another.  Complete timers
implementation.  Demo version available from this version onwards.

V1.1 (36)
Fix race condition where messages were sent before the socket connection to
The NetStreams device was completely initialised, resulting in them being
lost.  Add support for IR only amplifiers (i.e. no volume or mute feedback
available).  Change to use "ACTIVE ON" instead of "AMP ON" to ensure the
amp is switched on and only send if current amp state is off (to avoid
problems where the only IR command available is a power toggle).  Partial
implementation of iLinX Timers service.

V1.0 (35)
Cope with current source not being in source static menu. Move Display
buttons to head of settings page.  Make Display buttons (and TH100 audio
buttons) two per row to match the usual grouping of pairs of commands (e.g.
vol up/vol down).  Correct macros for Panorama and TheaterLinX.  Better
handling of change from direct to auto-discovery.  Improvement to further
reduce overlapping of menu list requests (which can confuse NetLinX
devices).  Correct handling of sorted/unsorted lists for new MediaServer
driver.  Nicer handling of lists with no entries.  Title bar macro button.

V1.0 (34)
Bug fixed where re-clicking on the currently selected tab bar icon in media
server browse could, in some circumstances and on some OS versions, lock up
the application. Changed shuffle commands sent to lower case so that it
should work with current and earlier versions of the Naim media server lua
driver.  Alerts changed to action sheets for clear all presets and rescan
channels in tuner to conform to Apple human interface guidelines. Set point
temperature unit labels moved onto selection bar, also for Apple HIG.

V1.0 (33)
Added Devices icon for Naim media server browsing.  Fixed bizarre behaviour
of playing all tracks on a Naim server when browsing started if the server
has no playlists.

V1.0 (32)
Fixed crash caused by misinterpreting a message in Latin1 encoding as being
in UTF8.  Added icons for iPort top level items (Song, Artist, Album, Genre,
Composer, Playlist).  Fixed bug where switching to a room with Favourites
defined as the home screen left the audio controls controlling the previous
room.  Fixed SL250 and SN1000 so that the equaliser slider ranges are -50 to
50 (previously different parts of the code thought different things!)  Fixed
colour of presets buttons in SL250 settings.  Fixed mis-specified flags in
tuner view.  These caused random side-effects in tuner metadata; mostly
unnoticeable except for a tendency for FM radio text to disappear.  Changed
browse list pre-fetching to also cope with scrolling upwards.  Changed
source listing to fetch sources in blocks of 8 to avoid problem of a fetch
of all sources at once not working in a heavily loaded system with many
sources.  Fixed so preset list selection handling so that
MENU_SEL {{presets>n}} is always sent rather than the contents of the
"command" field, if present.  Not sure why it was doing this in the first
place; a mis-interpretation of a packet trace perhaps?  Cancel any pending
menu list requests if we leave the menu for which they are needed.  Only
show Genre in meta data if Genre and Sub-Genre are identical.  Further
changes to browse list handling to fix some problems introduced by the A-Z
bar fixes in v1.0 (31).  Default cover art on the media server now has a
different version for Naim servers.

V1.0 (31)
Preventative coding to ensure debug logging is not in release builds. Fixed
problem of A-Z bar appearing in browse lists that shouldn't have it (e.g.
Tuner presets).  Fixed problem of browse list fetches being repeatedly sent,
even after they have been successfully received once.  Fixed XM/Sirius being
shown as MONO in the tuner.  Added presets list to DVR view.  Wired up the
majority of the buttons in the CD/DVD/DVR views that were not generating key
presses.  Changed source list handling so that unavailable sources are shown
but greyed out rather than being hidden.  This should avoid confusion and
stop the source list from changing frequently.  Improved browse list
handling again so that A-Z titles are shown as you scroll past them using
the A-Z bar.  Better handling of instances when A-Z bar is used to select a
letter for which there are no entries in the list.

V1.0 (30)
Fixed crash on local source and any other source that potentially has list
data (e.g. presets) but returns a list length zero.  Fixed HVAC2 so that
module button feedback works.  Changed handling of the A-Z bar on browsing
to reduce traffic by only sending messages as required.  Changed CD/DVD/PVR
so that the source name rather than type is shown as the title.  Fixed
Server icon in Naim media server browse tab bar.
 
V1.0 (29)
Slight tidy-up of the application icon and a change to Release build 
configuration.  Set to version 1.0 in preparation for App Store release.

V0.1 (27)
Fix crash when going past first/last favourites page.  Fix crash caused by
low memory situation in browse list. Fix crash caused by re-checking browse
tab bar icons.  Add in missing new artwork on Naim local source buttons.
Fix PVR screen yellow button alignment.  Work around problem with light
Indicator status not being reported on first pass when a large number of
lights are defined.  Handle the possibility of custom buttons on the
security screen not having an indicator.  Handle problem with Xiva server
returning "Genre" rather than "Genres".  Fix incorrect tab bar icon for
unknown items.  Fix media server shuffle button not working on Naim.

V0.1 (26)
New artwork.  Fixed (really, this time!) the volume slider so that it
doesn't update while being operated.  Added CD, DVD and PVR support
(one-way only at present).  Changed the "No Source" view so that it
explains how to select a source.  Changed the opening splash screen to show
the authors logos, the StreamNet Connected logo and the current version
number.  Possibly fixed problem of HVAC set points being set to minimum
when Save pressed after the values have been changed on some other device
(to be tested).  Changed browse list handling to cancel any pending browse
requests for items beyond the end of the list once the list length is
known.  Completed implementation of security views.

V0.1 (25)
Improvements to the tuner interface: fixed retained text on keypad; improved
look of keypad; fixed problem of not being able to see keypresses on the
control bar; improved handling of status reports from Arcam T32 tuner.
Moved tuner art out of the application; this change also supports additional
user-defined media server cover art.  Fixed audio settings sliders so that
they do not update in response to status notifications while being changed
by the user.  Modified the default icon order settings for media server
browsing so that All Songs is not the first.  Security views partially
implemented.

V0.1 (24)
Switch to fading style tab bar icons in the browse list.  Add HVAC support.
Fix bug in generic/lights code where page views not ignoring events linked
to buttons not on their page.  Switch over to using darker buttons on
lights, generic and tuner keypad views in anticipation of new artwork to
come.

V0.1 (23)
Favourites as home page now works.  Removed unnecessary Band and Stereo
controls from XM only tuner view.  Added icon for Generic services on
the home page.  Added support for Generic services.

V0.1 (22)
Added favourites support.  Improvements to XM Tuner handling. Changed so
That entering a value on the tuner keypad switches back to the main view.
Fixed problem with SL250 sliders disappearing.  Version number now
displayed in Apple format.

V0.1.21.0
Fixed crash on selecting XM Tuner as a source.  Added version number display
on the settings screen.

V0.1.20.0
Fixed crash caused by trying to join a multiroom group in a room that has no
zones defined.

V0.1.19.0
Fixed problem with editing of tab bar item order not causing the
Corresponding browse views to also be reordered.  Hopefully fixed problem of
Shuffle button status not reflecting true shuffle status.

V0.1.18.0
Back to PNG station artwork, with transparency.  Changed tuner backdrops to
contrast better with black logos.  Added Panorama screen support.  Fixed bug
in use of tuner keypad view.  Ensured no spurious data shown from
no-feedback tuners.

V0.1.17.0
Fixed problem with NNP preset button feedback and switched to JPG artwork to
reduce size.

V0.1.16.0
Completed station logo art for tuner, though the art itself needs to be
finalised. Added home option on the location list.  Added icons for the home
view.  Fixed problem with NNP local source causing a hang.  Fixed problem
with music server in a stuck state causing source selection list to not
exit.

V0.1.15.0
Completed caption setting on IR-only tuners.  Added support for input
selection on NNP amplifiers. Improved aesthetics of lights page buttons.
Stopped possibility of registering for more than one source at once.
Added feature of jumping directly to the "Now Playing" screen if something
is already playing.  Improved handling of channel refresh so that it is no
longer possible to select things from the browse screen during a refresh and
so that it automatically navigates to the now playing screen to show the
refresh update messages.  Uninitialised tuner presets are now disabled and
marked as uninitialised.

V0.1.14.0
Send heartbeat every second to see if this solves problem with TCP packets
not being acknowledged.

V0.1.13.0
Further improvements to Tuner view.  Should have addressed all issues
reported so far.  Has added metadata display; save preset; clear all
presets; refresh stations.  Still to do: station logo art; caption setting
on IR-only tuners; more testing.

V0.1.12.0
Tuner source view added, but incomplete.  Still to do: station logo art;
metadata display; save preset; clear all presets; refresh stations; caption
setting on IR-only tuners, plus small UI tweaks and full testing.

V0.1.11.0
Specific audio settings now supported for NNP, SL220, SL250, SL254,
SL9250-CS, SN1000, SN1001, TH100 and VL (i.e. same as GUI 2.35).
Display settings added.
Local source view added.

V0.1.10.0
Timeout on media server list responses is now 10 seconds.
Shuffle command now sent as SHUFFLE (toggle) rather than SHUFFLE ON or
SHUFFLE OFF.
Initial loading screenshot changed to read iLinX rather than NetStreams.
Added support for initial direct connection to a NetStreams device in
addition to discovery.
Removed spurious sending of various REGISTER OFF messages on start up.

V0.1.9.0
Fixed memory retain/release bug in the NLRenderer multi-room code.
Some cosmetic changes to A/V settings view.

V0.1.8.0
Changed over to iLinX product name, including new icons.
Added MultiRoom support.
Added "home room" for defining the Location menu for the iPod.
Small cosmetic changes to lights page buttons.

V0.1.7.0
Changes to support Imerge XiVA and AudioReQuest media servers.
Lights feedback corrected.

V0.1.6.0
Camera view now revised to be more consistent and to provide all features in
horizontal as well as vertical mode.  Tapping images now switches from 1 to
4 camera mode and vice-versa.  Controls are now brought up by a new button
on the left of the slideshow bar.  The 1/4 camera toggle button has also
been moved to the slideshow bar to balance it.

Fixed problem with media server browse view stopping scrolling when new data
arrived.  Also other small changes to generally improve the speed and
smoothness of media server browsing.

V0.1.5.0
Over-freeing of memory that could sometimes cause an access fault has been
fixed.

Camera changes:

Rotating horizontal brings up a full-screen version of the current view.

1-camera/4-camera view toggle button top right.  Also tapping a view in
4-camera switches to 1-camera for that camera and tapping top right on the
1-camera view switches to 4-camera.

Tapping elsewhere on the 1-camera view brings up the controls overlay.  This
business of tapping in different areas doing different things without any
indication that this is so is a "bad thing" and so will probably not stay
that way.  However without this, at the moment there is no way to switch
back to 4-camera view while horizontal.

Media server browsing:

Much better prioritisation of data fetching and handling of the index bar,
improving the overall experience.

V0.1.4.0
Fixed problem with being unable to handle static source menus for a room
(causing a blank screen when source selected).

V0.1.3.0
Demo version for Integrated Systems Europe 2009.  Basic features working for
Lights, Cameras and Media Server source.

V0.1.2.0
Source selection and basic Media Server source browsing working.

V0.1.1.0
Basic demo that can discover rooms and then present placeholder images to
show what the full product might look like.

